I am definitely not this flexible yet
this is uh from life proo and it's made
for like Bulgarian split squats but I
honestly just want a way to track my
front split all right that's as low as
it goes there's not even holes here by
the way one foot up other foot down and
here we
go after just a warmup I think I'll be
able to get it I feel pretty warm now
going to start with my weaker side first
left leg here we go
oh all right left leg forward right leg
back yep that's a touchdown a I still
have to do my right
side here we go this is your stronger
side there we
go oh man that is so
intense oh by the way this is
unsponsored I bought it myself it's on
Amazon stay Flexi